Stop defaulting messages to Lobby in protocol (#8304)
smogon/pokemon-showdown: PROTOCOL.md

    ROOMID|TEXT

> `ROOMID` can optionally be left blank if the room is irrelevant (for instance, if `TEXT` is a command like
> `/join lobby` where it doesn't matter what room it's sent from, you can
> just send `|/join lobby`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ROOMID` can optionally be left blank if unneeded (commands like `/join lobby`
can be sent anywhere). Responses will be sent to a PM box with no username
(so `|/command` is equivalent to `|/pm &, /command`).
```
